1. How to provide dynamic name to the target file based on pipelinerundate In azure data factory
2. How to copy a specific file from folder using parameterized dataset in azure data factory
3. How to copy all the files from one ADLS folder to another in Azure Data factory
4. How to copy files of specific format from one ADLS folder to another using ADF pipeline
5. How to load all the foldernames and count of files inside each folder into SQL table using ADF
6. How to retrieve folder having valid date in the foldername using adf pipeline
7. How to get the list of empty and non-empty ADLS folders using adf pipelines
8. How to copy the data from input blob to output as soon as the status turns to ‘Y’
9. How to copy multiple files as soon as the status turns to ‘Y’
10. How to write filenames as separate rows in csv using adf pipeline
11. How to write filenames as separate rows in csv using adf pipeline without dataflow
12. How to copy latest file or last modified file of ADLS folder using ADF pipeline
13. How to copy last modified files from multiple folders into another folder using ADF pipeline
14. How to copy Top N last modified files from one ADLS folder to another using ADF pipeline
15. How to fetch pipeline details using dynamic annotations in Azure data factory
16. How to run Inner activity as many times as diff between two dates
17. How to expand range of integers using azure data factory pipelines
18. How to swap array elements using azure data factory pipelines
19. How to reverse an array using azure data factory pipelines
20. How to sort an array using Azure Data Factory Pipelines
21. How to sort an array with the help of SQL table using azure data factory pipelines
22. How to add zero padding to the numbers using azure data factory pipelines
23. Log pipeline execution details in azure data factory
24. Log pipeline execution details using stored procedure in azure data factory
25. How to capture error message and other properties of dataflow in ADF
26. How to setup email alerts with Azure Log Analytics for azure Data Factory pipeline
27. How to get email notifications for pipeline failures by creating alert rules within ADF
28. How to merge files based on file name pattern using ADF pipeline
29. Execute ADF pipeline via REST API call
30. Execute ADF pipeline via rest API from other ADF
31. How to Query pipeline runs in ADF based on input filter conditions
32. How to Use the outh2.0 token to access the secured resource using azure data factory
33. How to Break Out of ForEach Loop on Activity Failure 
34. How to Format datetime to a 12-hours clock and 24-hours clock
35. How to generate various formats of year, month, date and Hr using formatdatetime function in ADF
36. How to dynamically copy only matching files from ADLS to SQL
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How to copy data from REST API multiple page response using ADF
How to convert Timezone using Dataflow in ADF
How to round off decimal number in pipeline expression using ADF
How to download zip file from API and load into sink path after unzip using ADF
How to download files from API and load into sink path using Azure Data Factory
How to split single rows data into multiple rows using Mapping Data Flows in Azure Data Factory
How to send email alert on pipeline failure using ADF
Merge multiple rows value into single row using dataflow
Dynamic sink based on file format in Azure Data Factory Azure Data Factory
Dynamic column mapping in Azure Data Factory
How to execute Store Procedure with Output Parameter using ADF
How to copy multiple tables data using ADF
Slowly Changing Dimension(SCD)Type2 using Data Flow in ADF
How to store pipeline execution log in SQL table using ADF
How to validate file schema before processing in ADF
How to add new column with source file name using ADF
How to get count of files in a folder using ADF
Slowly Changing Dimension(SCD)Type1 using Data Flow in ADF
How to create running total using Data Flow in ADF
How to create incremental key using Data Flow in ADF
How to remove duplicate rows using dataflow in ADF
How to process fixed length text file using ADF DataFlow|
How to copy last n days data incrementally from ADLS Gen2
How to copy latest or last modified file from ADLS Gen2
How to get source file name dynamically in ADF

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scenario-1:copy data from azure blob storage to azure data lake gen2 storage in Azure Data Factory
Scenario-2: Copy multiple files from Azure blob storage to Azure Data Lake gen2
Scenario-3: Copy data from http server to Azure Data Lake gen2
Scenario-4: How to use parameters in Azure Data Factory
Scenario-5: Execute copy activity when the file becomes available
Scenario-6: Execute copy activity only if files contents are as expected
Scenario-7:Slowly changing dimension (SCD) type-1 in Azure Data Factory
Scenario-8: Copy multiple files from http servers to data lake gen2 storage
Scenario-9: Copy data from blob storage to azure Sql database
Scenario-10: Copy multiple files from blob storage to azure Sql database
Scenario-11:Copy multiple files from blob storage to multiple tables according to a file name
Scenario-12: How to copy data from on premise to azure
Scenario-13: How to send email notification in Azure Data Factory
Scenario-14: How to Azure Key Vault in Azure Data Factory
Scenario-15:Incrementally load data from Azure SQL Database to Blob storage in ADF using Watermark


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Copy the Response of REST API with parameters to Azure SQL DB using Azure Data Factory
2. Restart Or Re-Run Pipeline from the Point of Failure in Azure Data Factory
3. Azure Data Factory File Synchronization: Detect and Transfer Missing Files with Filter Activity
4. Dynamic Folder Creation in Azure Blob Storage based on File Last Modified Date using ADF
5. Multiple Folder Creation in Azure Blob Storage based on File’s Modified Date using ADF
6. Step-by-Step Setting Up Self-Hosted Integration Runtimes On-Premise
7. Sharing Self-Hosted Integration Runtimes Across Multiple Azure Data Factory Instances
8. Data Transfer using On-Premise SQL Server to ADF with Self-Hosted Integration Runtimes
9. Data Transfer using On-Premise File System into Azure Blob Storage with Self-Hosted IR

%python pyspark

How do I select a column name with spaces in PySpark?
How To create data files based on the number of rows in PySpark
Dynamically processing complex json file in pyspark
pyspark word count program example
difference between coalesce and repartition in pyspark
difference between OrderBy, Sort and sortWithinPartitions Transformations
How to Handle Bad Data in pyspark dataframe using pyspark schema
How to handle duplicate column errors in delta table
Convert pyspark string to date format issue dd-mm-yy old format
how to take table ddl backup in databricks
How to implement Multiprocessing in Azure Databricks
how to handle complex json data file in pyspark
how to get 53 week number years in pyspark extract 53rd week number in spark
how to handle double delimiter or multi delimiters in pyspark
Why we should not use crc32 for Surrogate Keys Generation?
How to get Individual column wise null records count
How to add Sequence generated surrogate key as a column in dataframe
How to Get no of rows from each file in pyspark dataframe
how to get no of rows at each partition in pyspark dataframe
how read all files from nested folder in pySpark dataframe
how to remove duplicate rows in pyspark dataframe
how to skip first few rows from data file in pyspark
how to read variable number of columns data in pyspark dataframe
How to create partition by month and year in pyspark
How to Find out the Total Winning Count of each team
How to Find Returning Active Users Using PySpark 
List of Airlines Operating Flights to all destinations
How to identify products with increasing yearly sales
How to hide mobile number digits in Pyspark
How to Swap Seat Ids in PySpark
How to add Filename to Data frame in Pyspark
Cumulative Salary of Employee in Pyspark
PySpark program to find customers who purchased all products from product table
How to find the customer who not placed any order in order table in PySpark
How to handle Multi Delimiters in PySpark
Count rows in each column where nulls present in Data Frame
Remove Duplicates in PySpark
How to get row count from each partition file
How to partition the data year and month wise in PySpark
How to handle dynamic no of columns in PySpark
How to skip garbage lines from PySpark Dataframe
How to get count of null values from each column of a dataframe
How to hide all characters except the last four digits of a card number
How to display most recent updated data 
How to get the count of data from each file in Databricks
How to generate surrogate key in a spark dataframe
How to find out delimiter dynamically for csv file in PySpark
How to handle multiple delimiter in a csv file
How to handle complex json data in PySpark
How to take tables DDL backup
How to handle duplicate column error in pyspark
How to restrict no. of records per file in pyspark
How to get all the DataFrame from a spark session
How to get the word count in PySpark
How to Extract Timestamp From Source File name in PySpark
How to upsert data into delta table using PySpark
Delta Lake : Slowly Changing Dimension (SCD Type2)
Dynamically Casting Table Attribute in pyspark
How to create data frame from api response using pyspark
----------------------------------
How many times each job appears within the Dataset
Find all the customers without a single order
Find the products whose total sales has increased every year
Find out the movie details based on given conditions
Find out total weight of each fruits
Find out the head count of employee in each job 
Login at least two consecutive days
Find out the highest and lowest salaried employee from each dept
Transform the column value as row 
List the airlines that operate flights to all the destination
Find out the duplicate emails
Get those customers who bought all the products
How to handle multiple delimiter data 
Validate data between source and target table
Find all the strong friendship
Find the returning active user
Percentage of immediate orders within the first orders
Query to find the competitive price
Calculate each user's average session time
Find out the total match and win count for each team
Get the month-over-month percentage change in revenue
Find the movies with highest average rating from each genre
Find the room type that are searched most no. of times
Find the top employees from each shop with highest sales
calculate the percentage difference of total sales Q1 & Q2 
Find the house that has won max no of battles for each region
Find the popularity percentage for each user on Meta
Find the top three high earner employees from each department
-------







